hey guys it's back here and I'm here
with the wonderful and talented Shannon
materi from skinny sometimes calm she is
bringing some of the best life exclusive
recipes to life in a series of videos
that are going to show you how to make
easy vegetarian yummy things and they're
all brought to you by our friends at
Delta labs today we're making an easy
twist on a classic snack food so stick
around after the intro and we will show
you how to do it
so I actually have 21 recipes that were
created by Shannon Viteri available to
you through my newsletter are you
alright so we have these 21 recipes you
get the through the newsletter you can
sign up at the end of this video or by
clicking on the link in the video
description and you'll get my newsletter
kind of weekly it depends on how i'm
feeling with baby number five coming on
the way and you will also get 21 recipes
sent to you along with a bunch of other
goodies it's really exciting you really
will feel terrible about yourself if you
don't sign up so do that right after you
make this fun little cheat with us so
you're ready Freddie I'm pretending to
be a person who's not subscribed so this
is super easy oh do you want to show me
how you cut grapes I actually have this
magical way to cut grades that I learned
from rachael ray which is interesting
because this is a Rachael Ray dish
ringer I feel like if I keep saying it
then I'll get a box of free Rachael Ray
at my door but hasn't worked out or
Rachael Ray at your door so i use
chinese food container lids and a very
dull night it should be sharp and you
just cut through and this is also a
great way to cut um grape tomatoes cool
I cut them in half perfectly it takes
two seconds that is really cool this is
called not your mother's ants on a log
and it's great if you get tired of the
peanut butter and celery scenario and I
really flat celery's yeah I actually
don't like celery but I really like
what's on this so it makes the celery
bearable it's the texture do you know
I'm talking about I know what texture
means they just take celery and I
usually cut off the lucky part will give
them to the chickens cut let's give it I
give it to the chickens and then I just
cut the celery in half and then all you
do is seems really really easy is you
take some goat cheese spread it on there
just like you would the peanut butter
then you take your great paths you just
sounds really delicious already have you
ever had goat cheese in fruit
I don't think so it's really good and
you just press it on your like a food
stylist hmm it looks pretty thank you oh
yeah I like that you gonna taste it why
don't you eat it because that looks
messy and I don't want to look messy
eating food mmm yeah no is delicious but
are you like facing there it's really
now see it we're talking which is not
malleable goat cheese with the brave
it's delicious I know my mom showed me
up I mean this is almost so easy that
you don't need the recipe but it's
always we have a reminder and have these
recipes um in a list speaking of list of
recipes again there's 21 recipes
available exclusive to backslide by
Shannon from skinny sometimes com all
vegetarian but she also has all kinds of
recipes paleo they're just hearing it
vegan and otherwise recipes that don't
require names because there was a time
when people didn't even do that and you
can find them all and skinny sometimes
calm using the link in the video
description please let us know what you
think of them remember to send it for my
newsletter and I will see you again soon
in another exclusive bexlife video
thanks so much for watching remember if
you're on your computer right now you
can click anywhere on the video or the
link in the top of the video description
to download your free set of 21
exclusive vegetarian recipes from skinny
sometimes calm or if you're on mobile
just head on over to bexlife dexcom and
sign up for my weekly newsletter there
you'll get the recipes plus a whole
bunch of other goodies I will see you
soon I love you guys remember stay
blessed in